# Final-Year-Project
## Oisin Redmond - C15492202 - DT228/4
This github repo contains the software prototype upload for the interim period of my Final Year Project.

The repo consists of three folders:

**FYP_Prototype** - This is the Android Studio project folder for the prototype client application. It contains
assets and code related to the client application, as well as other project files generated by Android Studio.

The Java classes contained within the Android Studio project folder are:
  **MapsActivity.java** - This class was auto-generated upon creation of the android project with an OnCreate method and 
                          and a number of other empty methods which override their superclass. The code within these methods
                          was written by the developer.
                          
  **The folling java classes were written by the developer**: DatabaseConnection.java, ForecastConnection.java, ForecastDay.java,
    LocationFragmentMenu.java, LocationObject.java, LocationsConnection.java, MyApplication.java, ViewForecastActivity.java.

**Location Data** - This folder contains a short python script - parse_locations.py - written by the developer to parse a geojson file
and export location names and coordinates to a JSON file for use in the database. The geojson file  in this folder
was found at https://data.gov.ie/dataset/bathing-water-compliance

**Firebase Script** - This folder contains a short JavaScript file which is used to query the World Weather Online API
and update the forecast database. This script was deployed to Firebase as a cloud function and set to execute three times a day.

